Update autocompletion for various commands (#1847)
confluentinc/cli: CONTRIBUTING.md

Now, run `make integration-test INTEGRATION_TEST_ARGS="-run TestCLI/TestConfigDescribe"` and verify that it works!

#### Add Autocompletion

> Add support for autocompletion using `ValidArgsFunction` if applicable(e.g. if the command takes resource IDs or resource names as arguments):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add support for autocompletion using `ValidArgsFunction` if applicable (for example, if the command takes resource IDs or resource names as arguments):
```
